c:\users\dionysios.chrysafini\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PatientManagement\PatientManagement\bin\Debug\PatientManagement.exe.config
c:\users\dionysios.chrysafini\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PatientManagement\PatientManagement\bin\Debug\PatientManagement.exe
c:\users\dionysios.chrysafini\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PatientManagement\PatientManagement\bin\Debug\PatientManagement.pdb
c:\users\dionysios.chrysafini\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PatientManagement\PatientManagement\obj\Debug\PatientManagement.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\dionysios.chrysafini\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PatientManagement\PatientManagement\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\dionysios.chrysafini\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PatientManagement\PatientManagement\obj\Debug\PatientManagement_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\dionysios.chrysafini\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PatientManagement\PatientManagement\obj\Debug\PatientManagement.g.resources
c:\users\dionysios.chrysafini\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PatientManagement\PatientManagement\obj\Debug\PatientManagement.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\dionysios.chrysafini\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PatientManagement\PatientManagement\obj\Debug\PatientManagement.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\dionysios.chrysafini\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PatientManagement\PatientManagement\obj\Debug\PatientManagement.exe
c:\users\dionysios.chrysafini\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PatientManagement\PatientManagement\obj\Debug\PatientManagement.pdb
c:\users\dionysios.chrysafini\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PatientManagement\PatientManagement\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\dionysios.chrysafini\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PatientManagement\PatientManagement\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\dionysios.chrysafini\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PatientManagement\PatientManagement\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\dionysios.chrysafini\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PatientManagement\PatientManagement\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\dionysios.chrysafini\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PatientManagement\PatientManagement\obj\Debug\PatientManagement_Content.g.cs
c:\users\dionysios.chrysafini\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PatientManagement\PatientManagement\obj\Debug\CreatePatient.baml
c:\users\dionysios.chrysafini\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PatientManagement\PatientManagement\obj\Debug\PatientList.baml
c:\users\dionysios.chrysafini\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PatientManagement\PatientManagement\obj\Debug\CreatePatient.g.cs
c:\users\dionysios.chrysafini\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PatientManagement\PatientManagement\obj\Debug\PatientList.g.cs
c:\users\dionysios.chrysafini\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PatientManagement\PatientManagement\obj\Debug\PatientManagement_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\dionysios.chrysafini\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PatientManagement\PatientManagement\bin\Debug\PatientManagement.exe.manifest
C:\Users\dionysios.chrysafini\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PatientManagement\PatientManagement\bin\Debug\PatientManagement.application
C:\Users\dionysios.chrysafini\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PatientManagement\PatientManagement\obj\Debug\PatientManagement.exe.manifest
C:\Users\dionysios.chrysafini\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\PatientManagement\PatientManagement\obj\Debug\PatientManagement.application
